docs(overview): Updates the overview with the latest features (#7739)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/overview/con-configuration-points-broker.adoc

If you are using xref:security-configuration-authentication_{context}[OAuth 2.0 for token-based authentication], you can configure listeners to use the authorization server.

Rack awareness:: Racks represent data centers, or racks in data centers, or availability zones.
Configure rack awareness to distribute Kafka broker pods and topic replicas across racks.
Enable rack awareness using the `rack` property to specify a `topologyKey`.

> The `topologyKey` identifies the rack.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `topologyKey` is the name of the label assigned to Kubernetes worker nodes which identifies the rack.  
```

Strimzi assigns a rack ID to each Kafka broker.

> Strimzi uses the IDs to spread partition replicas across racks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kafka brokers use the IDs to spread partition replicas across racks.
```
